modules: pack only internal modules in environment (#1167)
tarantool/tt: CHANGELOG.md

- Fixed a crash in `tt aeon connect` when processing responses
  from certain SQL commands.
- `tt cat|play <DIR>` with directories handles only `.snap` or `.xlog` files.

> - `pack` with modules include only internal modules in the `tt` environment.

Reviewer: May be it's better to use 'under tt root directory' or something similar to avoid confusing, because _internal module_ has special meaning in tt universe.

>   Modules out side of directory with `tt.yaml` will be ignored.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
  Modules outside of directory with `tt.yaml` will be ignored.
```
